# FubuValidation

## What is FubuValidation?

FubuValidation is a member of the Fubu-family of frameworks -- frameworks that aim to get out of your way by providing rich semantic models with powerful convention-driven operations. It aims to provide a convention-driven approach to validation while supporting more traditional approaches when needed.

> An important thing to note: FubuValidation is NOT coupled to FubuMVC. In fact, it maintains no references to the project.

## What is FubuMVC.Validation?

FubuMVC.Validation is a package that adapts FubuValidation to the FubuMVC framework and provides out-of-to-the-box support for many common validation scenarios (both ajax and non-ajax).

## Get it on NuGet

You can clone our repo and build from scratch, or you can use our NuGet packages:

* FubuValidation - The core validation framework
* FubuMVC.Validation - FubuMVC specific uses for FubuValidation

## Using FubuMVC.Validation

While we recommend that you take a look at our sample project in this repository, you can bootstrap validation for your application through your FubuRegistry using our convenient extension methods:

	this.Validation(validation => {
	});

## Why does `git status` show that all of my files are modified?

The Fubu-family of frameworks are built by Windows users, so all of the text files have CRLF line endings. These line endings are stored as-is in git (which means we all have autocrlf turned off).
If you have autocrlf enabled, when you retrieve files from git, it will modify all of your files. Your best bet is to turn off autocrlf, and re-create your clone of FubuMVC.

1. Delete your local clone of the repository
1. Type: `git config --global core.autocrlf false`
1. Type: `git config --system core.autocrlf false`
1. Clone the repository again

[More information about working with git and FubuMVC](http://groups.google.com/group/fubumvc-devel/browse_thread/thread/606000f0803adf31/a09fce24e468ea20?#a09fce24e468ea20)


## Where is CommonAssemblyInfo.cs?

CommonAssemblyInfo.cs is generated by the build. The build script requires Ruby with rake installed.

1. Run `InstallGems.bat` to get the ruby dependencies (only needs to be run once per computer)
1. open a command prompt to the root folder and type `rake` to execute rakefile.rb

If you do not have ruby:

1. You need to manually create a src\CommonAssemblyInfo.cs file 

  * type: `echo // > src\CommonAssemblyInfo.cs`
1. open src\FubuValidation.sln with Visual Studio and Build the solution